Miss Xia
Your eyesight is better than that of a four- or five-year-old child.
By the way, treat your eyes
OK, what's the doctor's name?
Maybe I know him.
It's getting late at that time.
I'll go back first
It's time to get off work, I'll take you there.
Ah!
OK
What happened to everything I asked you to do?
I checked it all out
What Miss Xia said is true
His parents died when he was a child
Inherited a lot of property
After Miss Xia and Li Yangchen got married
Li Yangchen became the president of the Xia Group
But Li Yangchen doesn't know how to be grateful.
Cheating nanny at home
They also tried to steal Miss Xia's property
It's outrageous
Xia Meng is also a miserable child
There's not even a single trustworthy person around here
I also found out
Miss Xia is kind-hearted
Do good deeds often
I also donated to several Hope primary schools and nursing homes
This child is quite in my favor
Our group's tens of billions of orders
If given to Xiashen Group
Isn't it cheaper for Li Yaochen and Summer Harm?
Give this
Only for Xia Meng